Add warnings on isInputPending (#36051)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/scheduling/isinputpending/index.md

The **`isInputPending()`** method of the {{domxref("Scheduling")}} interface allows you to check whether there are pending input events in the event queue, indicating that the user is attempting to interact with the page.

This feature can be useful in situations where you have a queue of tasks to run, and you want to yield to the main thread regularly to allow user interaction to occur so that the app is kept as responsive and performant as possible. `isInputPending()` allows you to yield only when there is input pending, rather than having to do it at arbitrary intervals.

> [!WARNING]

> > This is an older interface and newer scheduling APIs are available using the {{domxref("Scheduler")}} interface. Some [no longer recommend using `isInputPending()`](https://web.dev/articles/optimize-long-tasks#isinputpending).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `isInputPending()` has been superseded by features available on the {{domxref("Scheduler")}} interface such as `yield()`, which are better designed for addressing scheduling tasks. See [Don't use `isInputPending()`](https://web.dev/articles/optimize-long-tasks#isinputpending) for more details.
```

> > `isInputPending()` has been superseded by features available on the {{domxref("Scheduler")}} interface such as `yield()`, which are better designed for addressing scheduling tasks. See [Don't use `isInputPending()`](https://web.dev/articles/optimize-long-tasks#isinputpending) for more details.

Reviewer: @tunetheweb ah crap, I forgot about this. Prettier throws a wobbler about this style of note syntax when you include a code term at the start of the second line. If you edit your existing note to replace the first instance of "`isInputPending()`" with "The `isInputPending()` method", it will fix this.
